feat: add zip artifacts guide (#528)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: docs/cluster-management/configure-artifacts-unzip-service.md

---
layout: main

> title: Configure the artifacts-unzip-service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configuring the artifacts-unzip-service
```

Author: Fixed

category: Cluster Management
menu: menu
toc:
    - title: Managing the Artifacts Unzip Service
      url: "#managing-the-artifacts-unzip-service"
      active: true
    - title: Package
      url: "#package"
    - title: Configuration
      url: "#configuration"
    - title: Queue
      url: "#queue"
      subitem: true
    - title: MultiWorker
      url: "#multiworker"
      subitem: true
    - title: Health Check
      url: "#health-check"
      subitem: true
---

# Managing the Artifacts Unzip Service

## Package

> Artifacts Unzip Service is a service that unzips the build artifacts that uploaded as a zip.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Artifacts Unzip Service is a service that unzips the build artifacts uploaded as a zip.  
```

> It is required to use this component, when you use the [Zip Artifacts feature](zip-artifacts).  

Reviewer: simpler saying
```suggestion
It's required to use the [Zip Artifacts feature](zip-artifacts).  
```

Like the other services, artifacts-unzip-service is shipped as a [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/screwdrivercd/artifacts-unzip-service).  

```bash
docker run -d screwdrivercd/artifacts-unzip-service:latest
```

> This images are tagged for their version (eg. 1.2.3) as well as a floating latest. Most installations should be using the fixed version tags.

Reviewer: some missing expressions
```suggestion
This images are tagged for their version (eg. `v1.2.3`) as well as a floating `latest`. Most installations should be using the fixed version tags.
```
